URL: https://www.starfall.com/h/
Store Parent-Teacher Center How to Join Sign In About Privacy Help Contact Store How to Join Settings Starfall has no advertising, does not collect personal information from children, does not sell any information, and uses cookies only for internal website management.
            By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies and updated   Privacy Policy   OK Accessibility About Help Contact Terms Privacy At Starfall, children have fun while they learn. Starfall was founded by Dr. Stephen Schutz, who had difficulty learning to read as a child due to dyslexia. He was motivated to create a learning platform with untimed, multisensory interactive games that allow children to see, hear, and touch as they learn.
           
           read more... 
           Starfall was developed in the classroom by teachers and opened in August 2002 as a free public service to teach children to read. Since then it has expanded to include standards in language arts and mathematics for preschool through fifth grade and above. The program emphasizes exploration, play, and positive reinforcement—encouraging children to become confident and intrinsically motivated. Due to the engaging content that “feels like play,” Starfall serves as an educational alternative to other entertainment choices for children.

           read more... Starfall activities are research-based and align with state learning objectives for English language arts and mathematics. Its emphasis on phonemic awareness, systematic sequential phonics, and common sight words in conjunction with audiovisual interactivity is especially effective for teaching emergent readers, children of all ages with special needs or learning difficulties, as well as ELL (ESL) students. It is widely used in schools and homeschools. Starfall’s low-cost membership program expands the free content to include additional animated songs, mathematics activities, and reading. Membership supports the production of new books, educational games, and movies. The Starfall Website is a program service of Starfall Education Foundation, a publicly supported nonprofit organization, 501(c)(3). Brought to you by Zac the Rat.™ Starfall® and Starfall.com® are registered trademarks in the U.S., the European Union, and various other countries. Copyright © 2002–2025 by Starfall Education. All rights reserved.

