URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page
Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Donate 
 Create account 
 Log in 
 Donate   Create account   Log in Contributions Talk Main Page Main Page Talk Read View source View history Read View source View history What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Download as PDF Printable version Wikimedia Commons Wikimedia Foundation MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikimedia Outreach Multilingual Wikisource Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikifunctions Wikimania Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary Wikidata item Welcome to  Wikipedia 117,614  active editors 6,941,669  articles in  English From today's featured article Freston  is a Neolithic  causewayed enclosure  at an archaeological site near the village of  Freston  in  Suffolk , England. The  Neolithic  enclosure was first identified in 1969 from  cropmarks  in  aerial photographs . At 8.55 hectares (21.1 acres), it is one of the largest causewayed enclosures in Britain, and would have required thousands of  person-days  to construct. The cropmarks show an enclosure with two circuits of ditches, and a  palisade  that ran between the two circuits. There is also evidence of a rectangular structure in the northeastern part of the site, which may be a  Neolithic long house  or an  Anglo-Saxon  hall. Excavation in 2019 indicated that the site was constructed in the mid–4th millennium BC. Other finds included oak charcoal fragments believed to come from the palisade, and evidence of a long ditch to the southeast that probably predated the enclosure, and which may have accompanied a  long barrow , a form of Neolithic burial mound. The site has been protected as a  scheduled monument  since 1976. ( Full article... )
 William Robinson Brown Night of January 16th Cherry-throated tanager Archive By email More featured articles About Did you know ... ... that the  Mingxing Film Company   (logo pictured)  paid off a gangster so that it could release  Fate in Tears and Laughter ? ... that brickmason  Donum Montford  likely purchased his own freedom from slavery and became a prominent slave-owner? ... that Brazil's Ministry of Education  threatened legal action  against the Portuguese Wikipedia over the article for  its minister ? ... that  a Japanese man  raised more than 1,000 Korean orphans during the  Japanese occupation of Korea ? ... that although over half a million troy ounces of gold have been mined from  Valdez Creek , surveys suggest that more is likely undiscovered? ... that  Katerina Clark  wrote "a brave and intelligent study of the Soviet novel"? ... that during  Frank Ocean 's performance of " Close to You " at  FYF Fest  in 2017, giant screens live-streamed Brad Pitt acting out a phone conversation backstage? ... that  Aon v Australian National University  overturned a precedent that encouraged litigation-prolonging amendments to pleadings? ... that vehicles in  Star Trucker  still look like American semi-trucks from the 1970s, despite having technology such as  warp drivers  and  maglocks ? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news American filmmaker  David Lynch   (pictured)  dies at the  age of 78 . South Korean president  Yoon Suk Yeol  is  arrested  after  his declaration of martial law . Joseph Aoun   is elected  president of Lebanon after a two-year vacancy, and  Nawaf Salam  is nominated as prime minister. An attack  on the presidential palace in  N'Djamena , Chad, results in 19 deaths. Israel–Hamas war Russian invasion of Ukraine 
 timeline Sudanese civil war 
 timeline Stephanie Aeffner Furio Colombo Heinz Kluetmeier Qiu Dahong Bob Uecker Walter Deutsch Nominate an article On this day January 18 :
 1871  –  A number of previously independent states united  to form the  German Empire , with  Wilhelm I  as  German Emperor . 1951  – Construction began in  Busan , South Korea, on the  United Nations Military Cemetery   (pictured) , the only  United Nations  cemetery in the world. 1956  –  Navvab Safavi , an Iranian  Shia  cleric and the founder of the fundamentalist group  Fada'iyan-e  Islam , was executed with three of his followers for attempting to assassinate Prime Minister  Hossein Ala' . 1969  – Thousands of Japanese police stormed the  University of Tokyo  after six months of  nationwide leftist university student protests and occupations . 1983  – Thirty years after his death, the  International Olympic Committee  presented commemorative medals to the family of American athlete  Jim Thorpe , who had been stripped of his gold medals for playing semi-professional baseball before the  1912 Summer Olympics . Isabella Jagiellon   ( b.  1519) Elena Arizmendi Mejía   ( b.  1884) Philippe Starck   ( b.  1949) Bruce Chatwin   ( d.  1989) January 17 January 18 January 19 Archive By email List of days of the year About Today's featured picture Aucanquilcha  is a large  stratovolcano  located in the  Antofagasta Region  of northern Chile, just west of the border with Bolivia and within the  Alto Loa National Reserve . Part of the  Central Volcanic Zone  of the  Andes , it takes the form of a ridge, with a maximum height of 6,176 metres (20,262 ft). The volcano is embedded in a larger cluster of volcanoes known as the Aucanquilcha cluster. This was formed in stages over 11 million years of activity with varying magma output, including  lava domes  and  lava flows . Aucanquilcha was formed from four units that erupted between 1.04 and 0.23 million years ago. During the  ice ages , both the principal Aucanquilcha complex and the other volcanoes of the cluster were subject to  glaciation , resulting in the formation of  moraines  and  cirques .
 Photograph credit:  Diego Delso Benjamin Franklin Green iguana Rhinanthus angustifolius Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal  – The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements. Village pump  – Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues. Site news  – Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement. Teahouse  – Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Help desk  – Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Reference desk  – Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics. Content portals  – A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the  Wikimedia Foundation , a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer  projects :
 
   
   Commons Free media repository 
 
   
   MediaWiki Wiki software development 
 
   
   Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination 
 
   
   Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals 
 
   
   Wikidata Free knowledge base 
 
   
   Wikinews Free-content news 
 
   
   Wikiquote Collection of quotations 
 
   
   Wikisource Free-content library 
 
   
   Wikispecies Directory of species 
 
   
   Wikiversity Free learning tools 
 
   
   Wikivoyage Free travel guide 
 
   
   Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus 
 Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in  English . Many  other Wikipedias are available ; some of the largest are listed below.
 
   
     
     1,000,000+ articles 
     
   
 
 العربية 
 Deutsch 
 Español 
 فارسی ‎ 
 Français 
 Italiano 
 Nederlands 
 日本語 
 Polski 
 Português 
 Русский 
 Svenska 
 Українська 
 Tiếng Việt 
 中文 
 
 
   
     
     250,000+ articles 
     
   
 
 Bahasa Indonesia 
 Bahasa Melayu 
 閩南語 
 Български 
 Català 
 Čeština 
 Dansk 
 Esperanto 
 Euskara 
 עברית 
 Հայերեն 
 한국어 
 Magyar 
 Norsk bokmål 
 Română 
 Simple English 
 Slovenčina 
 Srpski 
 Srpskohrvatski 
 Suomi 
 Türkçe 
 Oʻzbekcha 
 
 
   
     
     50,000+ articles 
     
   
 
 Asturianu 
 Azərbaycanca 
 বাংলা 
 Bosanski 
 کوردی 
 Eesti 
 Ελληνικά 
 Frysk 
 Gaeilge 
 Galego 
 Hrvatski 
 ქართული 
 Kurdî 
 Latviešu 
 Lietuvių 
 മലയാളം 
 Македонски 
 မြန်မာဘာသာ 
 Norsk nynorsk 
 ਪੰਜਾਬੀ 
 Shqip 
 Slovenščina 
 ไทย 
 తెలుగు 
 اردو 
 
 العربية Azərbaycanca বাংলা Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Galego 한국어 Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Македонски Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Română Русский Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina کوردی Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文  This page was last edited on 6 January 2025, at 22:59  (UTC) . Text is available under the  Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 License ;
additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the  Terms of Use  and  Privacy Policy . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the  Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Code of Conduct Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view

